# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
agate==1.9.1
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
aiosqlite==0.21.0
    # via prefect
alembic==1.16.5
    # via prefect
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   prefect
    #   starlette
apprise==1.9.5
    # via prefect
asgi-lifespan==2.1.0
    # via prefect
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via prefect
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via agate
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   prefect
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via prefect
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   griffe
coolname==2.2.0
    # via prefect
croniter==6.0.0
    # via prefect-cloud
cryptography==46.0.2
    # via prefect
daff==1.4.2
    # via dbt-core
dateparser==1.2.2
    # via prefect
db-dtypes==1.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
dbt-adapters==1.17.2
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-core
dbt-bigquery==1.10.2
    # via
    #   projet-m2-bi (pyproject.toml)
    #   prefect-dbt
dbt-common==1.32.0
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-core
dbt-core==1.10.13
    # via
    #   projet-m2-bi (pyproject.toml)
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   prefect-dbt
dbt-extractor==0.6.0
    # via dbt-core
dbt-protos==1.0.375
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
dbt-semantic-interfaces==0.9.0
    # via dbt-core
deepdiff==8.6.1
    # via dbt-common
docker==7.1.0
    # via prefect
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via prefect
fastapi==0.118.0
    # via prefect
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via prefect
google-api-core==2.25.2
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pandas-gbq
google-api-python-client==2.184.0
    # via prefect-gcp
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.119.0
    # via dbt-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery==3.38.0
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   prefect-gcp
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.33.1
    # via prefect-gcp
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-dataproc==5.22.0
    # via dbt-bigquery
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.24.0
    # via prefect-gcp
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   prefect-gcp
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.41.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphql-core==3.2.6
    # via sgqlc
graphviz==0.21
    # via prefect
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
griffe==1.14.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.75.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   prefect
httplib2==0.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
humanize==4.13.0
    # via
    #   jinja2-humanize-extension
    #   prefect
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   opentelemetry-api
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   agate
    #   dbt-common
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   jinja2-humanize-extension
    #   prefect
jinja2-humanize-extension==0.4.0
    # via prefect
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via prefect
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   nbformat
    #   prefect
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via nbformat
leather==0.4.0
    # via agate
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown==3.9
    # via apprise
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
mashumaro==3.14
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via dbt-semantic-interfaces
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via mashumaro
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via dbt-bigquery
networkx==3.5
    # via dbt-core
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opentelemetry-api==1.37.0
    # via prefect
orderly-set==5.5.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.11.3
    # via prefect
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   prefect
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
pandas-gbq==0.29.2
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via agate
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   prefect
pendulum==3.1.0
    # via prefect
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via jupyter-core
prefect==3.4.20
    # via
    #   projet-m2-bi (pyproject.toml)
    #   prefect-dbt
    #   prefect-gcp
    #   prefect-shell
prefect-cloud==0.1.8
    # via projet-m2-bi (pyproject.toml)
prefect-dbt[bigquery]==0.7.8
    # via
    #   projet-m2-bi (pyproject.toml)
    #   prefect
prefect-gcp==0.6.10
    # via
    #   projet-m2-bi (pyproject.toml)
    #   prefect-dbt
prefect-shell==0.3.3
    # via prefect-dbt
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via prefect
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-protos
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas-gbq
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.10
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.10.5
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
pydata-google-auth==1.9.1
    # via pandas-gbq
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   prefect
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   agate
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-gcp
python-socks==2.7.2
    # via prefect
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via agate
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-core
    #   pandas
    #   prefect
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   projet-m2-bi (pyproject.toml)
    #   apprise
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   prefect
readchar==4.2.1
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.9.18
    # via dateparser
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   snowplow-tracker
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via prefect
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.15
    # via prefect
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.14
    # via ruamel-yaml
semver==3.0.4
    # via prefect
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
sgqlc==17
    # via prefect-dbt
shapely==2.1.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   asgi-lifespan
    #   prefect
snowplow-tracker==1.1.0
    # via dbt-core
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   prefect
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via dbt-core
starlette==0.48.0
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   prefect-gcp
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbformat
typer==0.19.2
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   grpcio
    #   mashumaro
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   referencing
    #   snowplow-tracker
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   prefect-cloud
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
uv==0.8.23
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
uvicorn==0.37.0
    # via prefect
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-cloud
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
